[MUSIC]
>> Kyle Simpson: Unfortunately, I'm gonna
have to assign you yet another piece.
I'd hoped that we could get
a chance to go through this.
There is a this exercise 5, this
a brand new one that I just created, so
you guys are the first ones to see this.
But I really encourage you to spend
some time tonight playing with it,
cuz it's actually kinda fun.
What the task is,
it's a fake AJAX load but
it requires you to load up three
separate files in parallel.
You're gonna try to get the contents
of those files at the same time, so
you want to do it in parallel but
it wants to make sure that you
print them out in the proper order.
And that's a deceptively
simple sounding task,
that's actually a little
bit complex to figure out.
I've implemented it using callbacks, and
you can see how difficult it is to
manage the state with nested callbacks.
Then the challenge for you is using
whatever promises or generators syntax
you like, whatever library, I've shown
you how to do it with a sequence, and
I've also shown you how to do it,
there's files in there to do it with
a sequence and also with native Promises.
But whichever format you want,
I want you to try to solve that task.
How could I load up three
separate things but
make sure they print in the proper
order because that is a real world
asynchronous task that
we face in our code.
I wish we have time to
kind of talk through it.
If you guys have questions about it,
please feel free to email.
>> Speaker 1: It could maybe take
ten minutes tomorrow morning.
>> Kyle Simpson: Yeah,
we'll probably go over the exercise,
if you guys get a chance tonight,
we'll probably go over the exercise.
That's a good idea.
[COUGH] Speaking of tomorrow, tomorrow
is going to look somewhat different than
today in terms of the style
of the way the class goes.
Just to prepare you guys as
you're packing up, the style for
tomorrow is going to be a lot
more code and a lot less lecture.
That may or may not be what you're hoping
for but there will be a lot less slides,
a lot less of me standing for
long periods of time and talking and
we're going to do a lot
more tinkering at the code.
You're going to write real world node
code, and the goal is to take what we
learned today as a foundation of
confidence so that we can write
code in our node JS processes without
worrying about how these mechanisms work.
We'll revisit asynchronicity and
we'll revisit a whole bunch of
these other things as we deal with.
I appreciate everybody's time today and
all your great questions and
participation.
I look forward to tomorrow,
to the second day.
If you have any questions, let me know but
I appreciate it very much.